Untangle intro for new developers (#1590)
oscar-system/Oscar.jl: docs/src/DeveloperDocumentation/new_developers.md

of programming in Julia or working with git, as there are far better resources
on these things online.

!!! note
    Please find the technical details of the development process in the Oscar
    [Way of Working](@ref).

## Oscar - what is the idea

Oscar is the innovative, next generation Computer Algebra System. The ultimate
goal for Oscar is to compete with (and ideally beat) Magma and Sage in our
areas of expertise. Oscar should be accessible, even for the youngest student
who is familiar with these objects. Oscar should follow general mathematical
conventions to support the widest possible range of applications.

## Oscar and Julia

Oscar is written in Julia, but is not Julia, nor can it be. 
Some examples to illustrate what that means:

> Julia's matrices are (C) arrays (of arbitrary dimension), parameterized by

Reviewer: I wonder if many people will understand the `(C)` bit, esp. if they are not familiar with the `C` language in the first place. Perhaps the intent was to convey this?
```suggestion
Julia's matrices are flat arrays (of arbitrary dimension), parameterized by
```
Or perhaps it should just be dropped?

Author: I dropped it, I didn't understand it.

the type of the entries (apart from banded, sparse, ... special matrices).
In the numerical world, the type mostly defines the representation of an object
- double and variations
- complex
- BigFloat
- Int
- BigInt

In algebra, this is either not true or terribly inefficient (or impossible)
Take $\mathbb{Z}/n\mathbb{Z}$ integers modulo $n$, and matrices over it
   
Then either:
-  $n$ is part of the type -> every function is recompiled for every $n$ -
  which kills all modular (Chinese remainder theorem  (CRT) based)
  algorithms

> -  $n$ is not part of the type, then it need to be elsewhere, i.e. in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  $n$ is not part of the type, then it needs to be stored elsewhere, e.g. in the
```

>   parent, every element, additional arguments, ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  parent, or in every element, or by passing additional arguments, or ...
```

Furthermore, if $n$ is BigInt (fmpz), so no bittype, then it cannot be part of
the type.

> For non-empty matrices, this does not matter as the entries have enough
> information, but for empty matrices this information needs to be collected
> elsewhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For non-empty matrices, this can be compensated for if the entries store enough
information, but for empty matrices this information needs to be collected
elsewhere.
```

> 

Reviewer: The above makes it sound as if the only reason we don't use Julia's `Matrix{T}` is that we need to deal with empty matrices. But of course there is more. I wonder if we should elaborate on it (BTW all of that still does not really make it clear why our matrices can't be at least subtypes of `AbstractMatrix{T}`, but that's a separate matter I guess).

Anyway here is a first suggestion:
```suggestion

Even for non-empty matrices, there are reasons why one may not wish to
use a plain `Matrix{T}`: First off, for many operations it is important
(both mathematically and for performance reasons) that all entries of
the matrix are guaranteed to be defined over the same (identical) ring;
we cannot ensure this with `Matrix{T}`.

Moreover, just like there is `BitMatrix` one may wish to have special matrix
types that e.g. represent a matrix over $\mathbb{Z}/n\mathbb{Z}$ as a
bunch of integers plus the modulus (stored only once) for efficient
storage and operations.

```

To summarize, normal Julia infrastructure does not suffice for our purposes in

> many places, so please use ours. If functions are missing then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
many places. Hence we provide our own, which any code contributions should use. If functions are missing in it, then please
```

 - polytopes, cones, linear programs
 - polyhedral fans
 - ... and MUCH more
As well as specialized stuff
 - polymake
 - Singular

>  - Gap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - GAP
```

So: Please use it. It is safe to assume all can be improved, however, if we try
to perfect every single line of code again and again, we we won't get anywhere;
there is a balance to be found.
For preference: interoperability is much more important than speed, readability

> is much more important than speed. Having said that: of course, sometimes pure

Reviewer: Perhaps we should also add "correctness over speed" ?

Author: I added a table with these things. Feel free to expand. ;)
